Q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

A: Since diff function picks up the changes made in the files, it is much easier to find the typos
occurred in the new version.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer
in the long term?

A: It makes it much easier for us to compare the old version of the file with the current version
and helps us to find errors if any.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you 
do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A: If we manually choose when to create a commit, we can create commits flexiblly. However, there is
some risk to forget to commit when we make a significant change into the code. On the other hand,
automatic saving prevents us from forgetting saving although there might be too many savings, which
makes it much harder to understand the meaning of each change.

Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
 while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A: Because Git is used more for coding which, in most cases, require simultaneous updating of multiple
files, whereas Google Docs is used more for making documentations which are more likely to be updated
one by one.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A: Git log command is used for searching specific changes made in the past by referencing the comments.
Git diff command is used to compare two adjacent commits and identify specific changes made by the 
latter commit.

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A: Because of version controls, we can freely recover previous versions when we find some bags caused
by recent changes. That recoverability makes us confident to make changes.

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A: I would like to challenge to make my own android app.